# Information

> This section seeks to offer the reader a general overview of XBorg prior to their exploration of the rest of this document. This is the best place to start to develope a general understanding of XBorg

#### Below you will find XBorg's CEO, Louis Regis, pitching XBorg.

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/yqQf0ETfB9w" %}

<details>

<summary>Why XBorg?</summary>

In today's society, where leisure time is becoming increasingly abundant, players spend countless hours immersed in gaming worlds. Yet, the data generated from these experiences is often undervalued and fragmented across multiple games. XBorg recognizes the value of players' time and seeks to make their data meaningful and valuable.

The issue of fragmented player data is compounded by the fact that gamers are not always rewarded for their contributions to a game's success. Despite being an integral part of the gaming ecosystem, players often fail to perceive any value generated by their gameplay. This significant problem affects countless gamers and warrants a solution.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is XBorg?</summary>

XBorg is revolutionizing the gaming industry by empowering gamers to create their gaming digital identity through a credential network. It paves the way for a new generation of enhanced gaming applications and use cases.

With the potential to onboard tens of millions of players into the Web3 ecosystem, XBorg is set to transform the future of gaming as we know it.

XBorg is backed by the best brands and investors in Web3 and is home to the most competitive players in Web3 gaming.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Pitch XBorg to a 5-year-old</summary>

Hey there, kiddo! Have you ever played any games on your tablet or phone? Well, there's a really cool new thing called XBorg that's going to make your gaming experience even more fun!

XBorg is like a special tool that helps you create your own digital character that you can use to play games with. It's like making your own superhero!

And the best part is that your superhero gives you superpowers in other cool gaming applications too. It's like giving superpowers to every gamer on the planet.

XBorg is being supported by some really important and smart people who think it's going to change the way we play games in the future. So get ready, because XBorg is going to be a really big deal!

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is a Gaming Credential Network?</summary>

The credential network is like a personal gaming data hub for each player. It aggregates all their gaming credentials from different games and apps into one ID, like their performance on a game, the gaming communities they belong to, and the number of tournaments they have won. It's the digital identity of players.

Our system tracks three types of user data:

1. Esports engagement
2. Gaming performance
3. Social/fan activity

We gather this data from popular platforms like Steam, FaceIt, Riot Games, Twitter, Discord, and on-chain sources.

To put it technically, the Gaming Credential Network uses players' soulbound tokens (nontransferable NFTs) to store their metrics securely. Our advanced data aggregator, XBorg, ensures gamers fully own their data.

The credential network is the building block allowing the creation of enhanced gaming applications and games connected to the identity of players.

Therefore, imagine the Lens protocol for gaming.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is the Gaming Application Network?</summary>

The gaming application network is a collection of gaming apps that use a player's digital identity. Our credential network can be used to create more advanced gaming apps, like a tournament platform that matches players based on their history, a GameFi soulbound launchpad, or a gaming dating app that matches players based on their credentials. Brands can also use this network for user acquisition based on player data. The gaming application network offers endless possibilities for a more personalized and enjoyable gaming experience.\
\
We intend the use of the credential network to be permissionless such that any developers can build new cool apps :)

</details>

<details>

<summary>What is XBorg's mission?</summary>

Our mission at XBorg is to empower gamers globally by providing them with opportunities for ownership, governance, and superior user experiences. We firmly believe that the future of gaming lies in the hands of the players, and we are committed to being the platform where they can create and own new use cases for the gaming industry.

At XBorg, we prioritize our players' needs and strive to create an environment that fosters collaboration, open governance, decentralization, and innovation. Our goal is to build a global community of gamers who can take ownership of their gaming experiences, create their applications, and contribute to the industry's growth.

We are dedicated to achieving this by working closely with our players to create a better world for gamers everywhere.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What are some useful links?</summary>

* [**Website**](https://www.xborg.com)
* [**Twitter**](https://twitter.com/XBorgHQ)
* [**Discord**](https://discord.com/invite/xborg)
* [**YouTube**](https://www.youtube.com/@xborgofficial)
* [**Twitch**](https://www.twitch.tv/xborgofficial)
* [**Medium**](https://medium.com/xborg-official)
* [**Pitch deck**](https://docsend.com/view/5dwn74pn6izud3vb)
* [**App**](http://gaming.xborg.com/)
* [**Launchpad**](https://launchpad.xborg.com/)

The first version of the whitepaper was published in July 2022 but is now under revision and will be re-published around Q2 2023.

</details>
